chore(Storage): add doc comments (#1280) (#1281)
aws-amplify/amplify-ios: OPERATIONS.md

An operation runs an asynchronous task which starts with a request and ends with either success or failure. At high level an operation has the same interface across all Amplify platforms. Some operations are quick, like getting a pre-signed URL because the size of the response is very small. Other operations like uploading a large file will take longer and offer progress updates so that the UI can show the user the current status. All operations can also be cancelled which may be necessary for various purposes.

## Running an Operation

A basic operation is created with a *Request* and a result listener which is a closure which will receive a *Result* which will either contain the value for *Success* or *Failure*. Let’s see how we would run an operation named *FastOperation*. It will take in a *Request* and a closure to listen for the *Result*. See the code below.

```swift
let request = FastOperationRequest(numbers: [1, 2, 3])
let operation = FastOperation(request: request) { result in
    switch result {
    case .success(let result):
        print("Result: \(result.value)")
    case .failure(let error):
        print("Result: \(error)")
    }
}
operation.start()
```

> A request is created and the initializer takes in a series of numbers. The operation is created with the request and a closer is provided to listen for the result. The *Result* type is an enum to a switch statement can be used to access the value for *Success* or *Failure*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A request is created and the initializer takes in a series of numbers. The operation is created with the request and a closure is provided to listen for the result. The *Result* type is an enum, so a switch statement can be used to access the value for *Success* or *Failure*.
```

## Operations with Progress Updates

> For operations which take a longer time to run there is another listener which can which can provide updates as the work is in process. It is used as the *InProcess* generic type which is often the *Progress* type built into the platform which can provide the total unit count with the value for completed unit count being updated while work is progressing. The percentage can be collected from Progress with the fraction completed property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For operations which take a longer time to run there is another listener which can which can provide updates as the work is in process. It is used as the *InProcess* generic type which is often the *Progress* type built into the platform which can provide the total unit count with the value for completed unit count being updated while work is progressing. The percentage can be collected from Progress with the `fractionCompleted` property.
```
